

GIT REMOTE

git remote
git remote -v

git remote add origin https://github.com/and7000/reflections.git

git remote -v

git push origin master


-------
Caching your GitHub password in Git:
https://help.github.com/articles/caching-your-github-password-in-git/

running the following in the command line will store your credentials:
git config --global credential.helper wincred

via SSH use link:
https://help.github.com/articles/generating-an-ssh-key


Updating credentials from the OSX Keychain:
https://help.github.com/articles/updating-credentials-from-the-osx-keychain/

git credential-osxkeychain erase
host=github.com
protocol=https


When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?


Reflect: Forks, Clones, and Branches
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

fork: like a copy of another repository in github, where you have no permission to modify.
clone: like a copy of another repository where you can sinc, either locally ou remote.
branch: for a local test of a feature, inside your rep.


git fetch origin

local and remote have diverged

git pull origin
equivle a:
git fetch origin
git merge master origin/master


----------
fast-forward merge
(dois commits dependentes (nó e nó ancestral))


-------------
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

to compare with yours easily, 

--------

Reflect: Collaboration using Git and GitHub
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

defining a method

------
Reflect: When to use a separate branch

You just saw that the workflow when making changes in a separate branch is more complicated than working directly in master, especially when you need to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Rather than simply pulling and pushing, you need to pull changes into your local master branch, merge the local master into your branch (different-oil, in our case), then push your branch to the remote before finally merging your branch into master, either locally or on GitHub.

Given that, please add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

to try out a different feature thats worth it

